1> Why Django should be used for web-development? Explain how you
can create a project in Django?

=> Django is ideal for web development because it's feature-rich, scalable, secure, backed by a strong community, and
has
extensive documentation. To create a project in Django, you install Django using pip, then use the django-admin
startproject command followed by the project name. Finally, navigate to the project directory and run python manage.py
runserver to start the development server.


2> How to check installed version of django?

=> python -m django --version


3> Explain what does django-admin.py make messages command is used
for?

=> localization (l10n) purposes. When building a web application that needs to support multiple languages, this command
helps developers extract translatable strings from their Python code and templates into language-specific message files.


4> What is Django URLs?make program to create django urls?

=> Django URLs define the mapping between URL patterns and view functions or class-based views in a Django project. They
serve as entry points for accessing different parts of the web application.

Here's a short example of how to create Django URLs:

Define URL patterns: In your app's urls.py, use the path() function to define URL patterns and associate them with view
functions or class-based views.
Map URLs to views: Each URL pattern is mapped to a specific view function or class-based view.


5> What is a QuerySet?Write program to create a new Post object in
database:

=> In Django, a QuerySet is a collection of database query results. It represents a set of objects that meet certain
criteria specified by a query. QuerySets allow you to retrieve, filter, and manipulate data from the database using
Django's ORM (Object-Relational Mapping) system.


6> Mention what command line can be used to load data into Django?

=>
To load data into Django, you can use the loaddata command-line utility provided by Django's management tool, manage.py.
This command is used to load serialized data from fixture files into the database.

The command syntax is:

python manage.py loaddata <fixture_name>
    Here, <fixture_name> refers to the name of the fixture file containing the data you want to load into the database.
        Typically, fixture files are in formats like JSON, XML, or YAML and contain serialized data for Django model
        instances.

        For example, to load data from a fixture file named data.json, you would use:

        python manage.py loaddata data.json
        This command will deserialize the data from data.json and insert it into the database.

     
7> Explain what does django-admin.py make messages command is used
for?

=> The django-admin.py make messages command is used for internationalization (i18n) and localization (l10n) in Django projects.
